coming this summer
[Applause]
we going to make a move
the story of Batman's greatest ally it's
me and best friend in the whole world
the movie is time to clean up this city
that actually does look pretty good
they're really making movies about every
superhero has there been a movie about
you it was a Green Lantern movie but we
don't we don't talk about that it's time
they make one about me
I'm afraid it's no I only make movies
about real superheroes why don't they
take us seriously Titans you guys are
never actually doing anything heroic
that wasn't even a crime and you didn't
save anything we save design having a
movie is the only way to be seen as a
real hero what about an arch-nemesis
stop right there
Deadpool Deadpool what why does
everybody think I'm Deadpool
I thought Deadpool was a good guy by the
way he should be saying that he's not me
okay cuz I came out like way before he
did no I'm pretty sure you're Deadpool
if we can make him our arch-nemesis then
they can see that we're worthy of a
movie
I'm not interested in fighting a bunch
of sidekicks and a half a robot
[Music]
Plus me we're taking you down how are
you gonna do it we need a fart on me
won't have a dance-off
you're gonna annoy me to death with your
waffles
you